README.md, before:

### About This Service Package
Set configuration values in your own `.toml` file and override the default
configurations in `default.toml` like this:
```
hab config apply --remote-sup=<hostname> <service>.<group> $(date +%s) ./foo.toml
```
See https://www.habitat.sh/docs/using-habitat/#config-updates for more on
configuration updates.

Certificates will be stored at
```
/hab/svc/certbot/config/live/<domain name>/*.pem
```
which means that you can point configs for other services (like `core/nginx` or
`core/apache`) at these directories to load certificates. The usual caveats about
securing `/hab/svc/certbot/config` certainly apply here. You can also consider
backing up this directory.

#### AWS Credentials
The current version of this package supports only certificate verification using
Route53 DNS. You should set the appropriate `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and
`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` environment variables for the runtime context of the service.
Here's an example of how `bixu/certbot` might be run as a systemd service with
AWS credentials embedded:
```
[Unit]
Description=Certbot
[Service]
Environment="HAB_AUTH_TOKEN=<some value>"
Environment="AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<some value>"
Environment="AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<some value>"
ExecStart=/bin/hab sup run bixu/certbot
KillMode=process
Restart=on-failure
[Install]
WantedBy=default.target
```
Future versions of the service may support other verification plugins as well as
other methods for handling secrets.

#### Caveats
At the moment, this package only supports Route53 DNS verification of domain
ownership. Since only a single instance of a Habitat package can be running at
any given time, it's recommended to use this service to register wildcard
LetsEncrypt certificates only, so you should configure the `domain` TOML
key to a value of `*.example.com`, as an example.

Commit message:

Service bindings (#3)
This PR removes multi-domain support and adds propagation of certificates via Habitat gossip and service binding

Additional changes:
* ignore Habitat artifacts everywhere
* ignore Supervisor output generated during tests
* move packages into individual directories, allowing integeration tests
* add tests for propagation of certificates between Certbot and Nginx
* add additional tooling for tests/local dev
* update `README.md` to reflect recent changes

README.md, after:

### About This Service Package
Set configuration values in your own `.toml` file and override the default
configurations in `default.toml` like this:
```
hab config apply --remote-sup=<hostname> <service>.<group> $(date +%s) ./foo.toml
```
See https://www.habitat.sh/docs/using-habitat/#config-updates for more on
configuration updates.

Certificates will be stored in the Habitat gossip configuration and can be
accessed via bindings:
```
hab svc load <origin>/nginx --bind=tls_certificates:certbot.default
```
and the certificate contents can be written out via Habitat Handlebars templates
like:
```
{{~#each bind.tls_certificates.members as |member|}}{{member.cfg.privkey}}{{~/each}}
```
See the `nginx` directory in this project for working example code. Note that
you _must_ ensure your gossiped configs are secure to protect key contents. See
https://www.habitat.sh/docs/using-habitat/#wire-encryption for more on securing
Habitat inter-service communication.

#### Testing
Local dev testing via BATS should be possible by running `./tests/test.sh` See
https://github.com/sstephenson/bats for more information.

#### AWS Credentials
The current version of this package supports only certificate verification using
Route53 DNS. You should set the appropriate `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and
`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` environment variables for the runtime context of the service.
Here's an example of how `bixu/certbot` might be run as a systemd service with
AWS credentials embedded:
```
[Unit]
Description=Certbot
[Service]
Environment="HAB_AUTH_TOKEN=<some value>"
Environment="AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<some value>"
Environment="AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<some value>"
ExecStart=/bin/hab sup run bixu/certbot
KillMode=process
Restart=on-failure
[Install]
WantedBy=default.target
```
Future versions of the service may support other verification plugins as well as
other methods for handling secrets.

#### Caveats
At the moment, this package only supports Route53 DNS verification of domain
ownership. Since only a single instance of a Habitat package can be running at
any given time, it's recommended to use this service to register wildcard
LetsEncrypt certificates only, so you should configure the `domain` TOML
key to a value of `*.example.com`, as an example.

We also only support a single LetsEncrypt domain per running `certbot` service.
